Welcome back my students on this lecture I want to go over the delete functionality that we have in
the application to see a mess.
Now as all of you know and if you got to this section here you know this already that we are sending
a get requests to delete our posts.
Right.
So when we click here we're going to send a delete with the ID of the posts.
Now if you want to take this live online I suggest to actually changes to post tonight said there's
a couple of times in the in the course it's safer to have this functionality of the Leidy or editing
or anything like Dabi sent via post.
Now when I started this course I started this course very it was very small course and I started adding
lectures just to show you everything that we went over in the beginning of the course and just wanted
to show you a bunch of different things.
But as you get further in this course you are going to notice that you don't want to take to make things
more secure.
OK so before you take this on line let's let's look at this functionality now.
Like I said we're sending this Wii U R L and that's not a very good idea.
We have the link right here.
OK.
See the link right here.
We send in the police I.D. and all that.
That's beautiful.
I mean we are able to create this beautiful CIMS and we can be creative with it.
But let's make a little bit more secure.
OK guys.
So what I'm going to do is right here in this delete button in my view all post page I'm going to create
a form so we can submit this via post.
All right.
So let's break or BHP and well let's open it up here so we can have some functionality below as you
can see there.
OK.
So let's go.
So Phocion I got there.
Let's create a form and this form is just going to have metal post.
OK.
It's going to be a very simple form and then we are going to have an input.
This input is going to be.
Well we need to find a way to send the posts ID to our via post right.
We get to have a button type submit and this really is just going to say delete.
Good.
Now this input here I'm going to use it is going to be a heating input.
I'm going to use it to send the post ID so I'm going to open some BHB tax write in between here
and then I echo out that false ID because we need that in the other side.
OK.
Actually sorry about that.
We need this in the value.
So this would be the post ID and here the value is where we get it.
We want one that pulls ID.
OK.
The dynamic one.
Good.
And then we have this input here but we also need to wrap this in a TV because this is inside a table
right like this.
Now we also need to kind of break this here and it really depends how you want this structure.
I'm just structuring like this because I'm showing you about this specific thing but you can structure
your application however you want just to make it look nicer.
And we're just going to stick with the whole thing out.
OK.
Now of course where we want to come in this out now let's see how this looks on the browser.
Make sure you save your document and we have this submit here.
OK those are looked up 3D now.
Let's make it so it looks OK.
OK.
So we wanted this to have a value at least of the lead.
And we wanted this to look a little better.
So let's add a class let's call it B team in between primary actually let's make it danger so that way
just read.
OK.
So at least we have that.
And now you can style this however you want.
Like I said you're welcome to store this as those bonds have swelled to like the edit.
OK.
So you can style.
Let me just show you real quick was at it that it should be right here.
So we can just make the error real quick.
Joe's
Vittie and
did I break the line.
Yes I broke it.
I need single quotes between what was on in full or something like that.
Just to make these bones a little nicer.
OK.
So let's go.
And
now that we have this function idea we're going to be sending this we need to catch it in the Where
we going to catch is right here.
So instead of doing the lead good we're doing the post.
We're also receiving the false ID here.
So in this case we're just going to see posts ID.
OK.
And that should be it.
We don't need to scape anything because this is coming from inside our application.
I mean if you have somebody inside your application already sending you stuff.
I mean they they can leave whatever they won here.
But you know what let's just leave it there.
Who knows right.
Maybe you have somebody inside your application that want to draw up a database or something but that's
fine.
Let's see how this works with click delete and you can see that this works OK.
So just there you see here we don't have any.
We're not sending any get requests.
So everything is very safe.
Nobody can come from outside these application and delete your items here.
Even though we're still doing a lot of checking before that happens.
But you know just to be safe is better to do it via post.
And while I'm here I might as well use fits the other bun that we that we have which is this guy here.
And I'm just going to make this guy close the team and you know what this one could be primary.
This one could be blue.
Save it and refresh.
Now they look a lot better and you king.
He also changes numbers here too to be like some type of icon or some type of you know just style the
way you want.
But this looks a lot better.
We can view our polls.
We can edit and then we can delete them now via polls.
Now I suggest you could do that to the rest of your application.
You can do that to categories you can do that to users make sure that your application is secure he
has all the polls has all the really important functionality via post.
Anyway thank you so much.
I hope you enjoyed it and I see you in the next lectures.
Take care